I'm wound as a caricature in school I'm
there I realize as I write as it's also
on my Negin in myself old country of
swaps kay I am ditch digger
as far as drugs in slopes Co it's pretty
good we are the green bounce and we have
American dream I find good job in peak
effect
Sarah I made this vow 100 years our
family prosper then one day everything
changed
[Music]
it's been 100 years the pickle brine
preserved him perfectly it towards
Suzette the world has changed everyone I
know is gone you were able to track down
a great grandson
[Music]
where are they they passed away there
was a car crash you will tell me
everything of the deaths how the bodies
died their faces as the life left we
will bond over our pain I understand why
you're a religious person but I not how
do you grieve for death parents do okay
we start the whole business that's a
very stupid idea you have no wife no
children no friends no job you need I'm
fine
we will become success Wow it's very
pungent hmm yeah that's straight from
the devil you will finally make their
parents proud
don't talk about my parents you never
met them
you have captivated the hearts of the
entire world I'm probably not best-case
scenario for the families become an old
company I'm saying I'm sure this is aged
well if does not throw Pancho because
because these males secretly I pulled
the arm something bad we're gonna join a
sock was give you he was eat is this
your father no that's David Bowie
give me some mother no that's also David
Bowie that whole posters David Bowie
[Music]